341 (#812)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2025-06-25-cockpit-341.md

---
title: Cockpit 341
author: jelle
date: '2025-06-25'
tags: cockpit
slug: cockpit-341
category: release
summary: 'link to podman quadlet containers'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/).
We release regularly.

> Here are the release notes from Cockpit 341:

Reviewer: ... and podman 108?

## services: show link to podman page for quadlets

> The Cockpit services page now recognizes podman quadlet's and shows a link to the cockpit podman page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Services page now recognizes [podman quadlets](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/quadlet-podman) and shows a link to the Podman containers page.
```

> The link is only shown when cockpit-podman > 107 is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link is only shown when cockpit-podman ≥ 108 is installed.
```

Rationale: backports, and also easier to read IMHO.

![screenshot of show link to podman page for quadlets]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/341-services-show-link-to-podman-page-for-quadlets.png)

## Try it out

Cockpit 341 is available now:

* [For your Linux system](https://cockpit-project.org/running.html)
* [Cockpit Client](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.cockpit_project.CockpitClient)

* [Cockpit Source Tarball](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/releases/tag/341)
* [Cockpit Fedora 42](https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-2025-3bcc30f5f0)

> * [Cockpit Fedora 41](https://bodhi.fedoraproject.org/updates/FEDORA-2025-4bc30a6154)

Reviewer: This is missing cockpit-podman? After all, that's what the only release note is about.
